Newscaster: Anyone who's been
exposed to asbestos
May be entitled
to compensation.
And anyone who's anyone
Will be at tonight's
sold-out shaggy concert!
Ugh! I wish I had tickets
to see shaggy.
He's my favorite
musician.
And my best friends, danuta
and nerfer, are gonna be there.
You're in luck,
Because your father and I bought
the last two tickets!
One for you,
one for steve.
Yippee!
Oh, hell yeah!
The only thing better
Than seeing shaggy
with my best friends
Is seeing him
with my little brother!
Oh!
I love you guys so much.
I don't know what I'd do
if anything were to ever happen
To one of --
[ laser zaps ]
[ all screaming ]
[ ominous music plays ]
[ laughing ]
Another steve down,
infinite steves to go.
Look at all these universes
I've been to.
Look at all the steves
I've killed!
Man, no one's
ever impressed
When I show them
all the dead steves.
♪♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
[ voices overlapping ]
♪ I got a feelin' that
it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
[ voices overlapping ]
[ down-tempo music plays ]
[ all sobbing ]
my baby!
My brother!
My roommate kind of!
My nephew sometimes!
No father should have to bury
a virgin.
Why?!
Why did this happen?
And when?!
When can I move
into steve's old room?!
Senator lewis?
What are you doing here?
So, I'm a senator
in this universe.
Not bad.
I'm sorry about your steve,
But I don't have time
to explain.
That's a different lewis' job.
I'm busy hunting down the steve
that killed my family.
[ dramatic music plays ]
for I shall have my revenge!
Hiya, smiths!
What is happening?!
That's what I'm here
to tell you.
Exposition lewis is the name.
Explaining stuff's my game.
So, first off --
that last lewis?
Vengeance lewis?
He swore revenge after
evil steve killed his family.
Meanwhile,
evil steve is traveling
From universe to universe
killing other steves
To claim their steveness
and become the ultimate steve,
Kinda like the 2001 jet li film
"the one."
Do you have that movie
in this universe?
What's a movie?
Mm, they're like tv shows
but longer.
Speaking of things
that take a while,
How about we get
that grief process started?
What's this?
Oh, that's a 15%-off coupon
to mclewis burger,
A greasy spoon
I co-own
Alongside infinite
other lewises.
There are only a handful
of mclewis burgers
In the multiverse.
But if you ever find yourself
near one, you gotta go!
Tell 'em lewis sent ya.
If you knew this might happen,
why didn't you stop it?
[ sighs ] this must be
one of those universes
Where people don't listen
so good.
It's not my job to save people,
As I believe
I already explained.
It's my job to explain stuff.
The multiverse exists
in a delicate balance,
And we each have a role
to play.
All we can do now
is hope
Whichever steve
evil steve goes after next
Is tough as nails.
Steve:
Aah! Finger cramp!
Mm! Mm. Mm.
Mm. Mm.
Mm!
[ ominous music plays ]
[ electricity crackling ]
[ beeping ]
Now that my finger cramp's
behind me,
Nothing but blue skies ahead --
aah!
My little boy fingers again!
Mm! Mm. Mm!
Mm. Mm.
Anyone willing to testify in
court is urged to step forward.
And anyone who's anyone
Will be at tonight's
sold-out shaggy concert!
Ugh! I wish I had tickets
to see shaggy.
He's my favorite
musician.
And my best friends, danuta
and nerfer, are gonna be there.
You're in luck,
Because your father and I bought
the last two tickets!
You two are the best!
Hold up.
Did you say two tickets?
One for you,
one for steve.
Steve?
I appreciate the tickets,
But I don't want to bring
the biggest dork in langley
To the best concert
this town has ever seen!
Hayley, your father and I
Both wish we were closer
with our siblings.
My sister gwen
never visits,
And stan's brother
is barely even canon.
It's true.
I'd hate for you and steve
to end up like me
And whatever
my brother's name is.
Steve and I
live together.
Yes, but even I know you're
not as close as you used to be.
The fish is right.
You two used to be inseparable.
That's why we bought
these tickets.
You were always singing
that one shaggy song to steve.
♪ stevie,
you're my angel ♪
♪ you're my darling
angel ♪
♪ closer than my peeps
you are to me ♪
♪ stevie ♪
We were kids back then.
I'm older now,
and steve's a dork.
Oh, for sure.
Huge dork.
Some days I'm embarrassed
he ever slid out of me.
But he's still
your little brother.
Great news, hayley!
Mom told me about
the shaggy concert,
So I spent all morning
drawing schematics of the venue.
I've got all kinds of intimate
details about the shark's nest.
You see? This is why I don't
want to hang out with him.
The concert
hasn't even started,
And he's already ruining it
for me!
[ sniffs, whimpers ]
Now what
are you doing?
Drawing schematics
For the fastest way tears
can run down my face!
[ sobs ]
[ door opens, closes ]
Whatever.
We'll make up later.
We always do.
So, can I get
those tickets?
No way.
You either take your
little brother to see shaggy
Or you don't see shaggy
at all.
[ groans ]
[ sobbing ]
I just want a sister
who loves me,
A sister who wants to spend
time with me.
Is that so much to ask?
Don't worry,
weaker steve.
I'll make you less sad --
by killing you!
[ dramatic music plays ]
aah!
Oh, god.
A dead white boy!
They'll give me the chair
for this!
Think, lewis.
Think.
I know. I'll move to France.
It worked for polanski.
Principal lewis!
You saved me!
Steve?
How many of you are there?
How many of me
are there?
[ chuckles ]
gotcha.
Aah!
Wait.
You're not evil steve.
No! Now I've lost my family
and my revenge!
Uh, excuse me.
But what's going on?
I'm glad you asked.
...And to jump from universe
to universe,
We use these armbands
That turn your butthole
into a black hole,
Which transports you
through time and space.
Ah, yes.
As carl sagan theorized.
If there are infinite universes,
is there a universe
Where my sister
wants to hang out with me?
There's a universe
for everything.
Please start listening.
Hayley.
You came after me.
Yeah, but only because
mom won't let me go
To the shaggy concert
without you.
If you think spending time
with me is such a problem,
I'll make sure
you never have to do it again!
Is it just me,
or do we look like a thumbnail
To a sick-ass porno?
What's a porno?
Sit.
I have much to explain.
In some ways,
what's a porno?
Porn's one of humanity's
oldest art forms.
Huh. And people touch themselves
while watching it?
Oh, like you
wouldn't believe.
Okay. I got to ask.
What the heck is going on?!
I never get to explain
this much stuff in one day.
This is clearly a story
about valuing
What fleeting time you have
with the ones you love.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I meant about the portals and
the multiple lewises and stuff.
Okay. Here goes.
[ inhales deeply ]
...So your steve stole
evil steve's armband
And portaled
into the multiverse.
Great. How am I supposed to find
that dork now?
I need him so I can go
to the shaggy concert.
The steve I vowed to kill
is dead.
My vengeance was stolen,
So my journey ends here.
Take my armband.
And let me give you my std.
Uh...
He means
steve tracking device.
In his universe, there are no
sexually transmitted diseases.
Also, princess diana is still
alive, but she's a huge bitch.
It's true.
In every universe
where princess di is alive,
Pretty much everyone
hates her.
To portal in and out
of universes,
Push the big button
on the armband.
The steve tracking device
works like a bloodhound.
It'll guide you to your steve
over time,
But it can't take you
right to him.
You're the lewis who killed
evil steve and stole my revenge!
If it's vengeance you're after,
you're talking to the right guy.
I've got a long list
of people
Who've been cruisin'
for a bruisin'.
Eh, works for me.
Exposition lewis, you in?
I'd love to, fellow lewises,
but duty calls.
Someone out there is wondering
why people like wes anderson,
And it's my job to explain it
to them.
But that's the one thing
I don't know.
Hey, stranger.
Welcome to the oops! All barrys
universe.
You got any steves?
Just barrys.
And one shaggy.
Anybarry who's anybarry
is gonna be at his show tonight.
Not me, though.
[ beeping ]
Steve!
There you are.
Oh.
Uh...
Were you expecting
a white steve?
This...
Feels like a trap.
Well, this seems normal.
♪ flag, flag, flag,
flag-flag, fla-a-a-g ♪
[ sighs ]
[ beeping ]
oh! Getting closer.
Steve:
Hey, hayley!
I'm a bowl!
Nope.
♪ bowl, bowl, bowl,
bowl-bowl, bow-w-w-l ♪
Welcome
to mclewis burger.
We've got some of the most
pretty-good burgers
In this part
of the multiverse.
Is your steve dead?
No!
That's too bad.
You could've gotten 15% off.
Could you hurry up?
Some of us are in mourning
and are very hungry.
[ beeping ]
wait.
Wasn't I already
in this universe?
No.
Are you sure?
'cause I literally just saw
a black steve.
So let me
get this straight.
Infinite universes
with infinite possibilities,
And you can't fathom
two black steves?
No. I just...
I-I didn't...
I-I'm not...
Hey.
Hayley.
Just popping in
to explain
That you're really
embarrassing yourself.
[ mid-tempo music playing,
woman moaning ]
[ horse neighs ]
This porno stuff
isn't for me.
But this is fantastic!
You call it...
Marijuana?
Well, that's one word
for it.
So your universe
doesn't have porn or drugs?
How the hell
do you relax?
Used to be
all I needed to unwind
[ ominous music plays ]
Was to see my wife
and kids.
The steve in my original
universe was our nanny.
Then evil steve blew up my house
just to kill him.
[ evil laughter,
screams echoing ]
I wish I'd died.
But cyborg technology
gave me another chance.
A chance at revenge.
Which you stole from me,
and now we're here.
I lost my family, too.
My best friend slept
with my wife.
And that man
lives here?
That's the guy
we're about to beat down?
No.
This is the house of some punk
who disrespected me at my job.
Nah, man. I didn't roll with you
to pick up chump change.
We need to take down the man
who destroyed your family!
Yeah.
Yeah!
[ engine revving ]
Principal lewis:
It's your lucky day, punk!
We was finna [bleep] you up
for disrespecting me,
But we got bigger fish
to fry!
[ tires squealing ]
I...
[ down-tempo music plays ]
I love you.
I'll always love you.
But there's still something
I'm searching for --
A sister who likes me.
I understand, my love.
Please.
Raise our son to be strong.
White steve!
There you are.
Now come home
so I can see shaggy.
Did you have sex with a lady
version of your best friend --
And get her pregnant?
How is she already this
far along?
Time works differently
in different universes.
And we didn't have sex.
In this universe,
you get someone pregnant
By gazing tenderly
into their eyes.
And, boy, did we gaze
at each other.
Steve, let's go.
No.
You only ran after me
So mom would let you go
to your precious shaggy concert,
And even after traveling
the multiverse,
That's still
all you care about!
I'm just gonna say it, girl.
You suck.
[ whirring ]
Hayley, these glitches mean
we're running out of time.
You and steve have to get back
to your universe.
You two have a destiny
to fulfill,
And if you two don't make it
to that shaggy concert,
The entire multiverse
will implode!
Why didn't you say that
earlier?
It wasn't pertinent information
before!
I like to reveal details
as they're needed.
That's how exposition
works!
Hey!
Could you two scream louder?
As you know, all this stress
is good for the baby.
♪♪
[ games beeping ]
I don't get it.
This freak show of a universe --
no offense --
Is perfect for steve.
Why'd he leave?
Because he's looking for
a version of you
Who wants to hang out
with him.
I see him every day!
Listen.
Steve's a good guy.
And he'll be a great
absent father.
And he deserves a hayley
Who'll do more than just
tolerate his presence.
Maybe.
Hey.
Should you be drinking?
You're, like,
super pregnant.
Don't tell me
how to parent.
In this universe,
babies love wine.
[ vehicles whirring,
horns honking ]
Move it or lose it, pal!
Klaus?
You're not a fish
in this universe?
What's a fish?
Never mind.
Hey, what's up with that statue?
That statue's in honor
of the steve smith
Who saved our civilization
from world war xxxvii
With his schematics
for a better life.
Schematics?
Could that have been my steve?
Hated that guy.
I'm glad he's finally gone.
Hey, steve's not that bad.
And it sounds like
he's really helped people here.
Whatever.
I don't want to talk about that
dork on my way to see shaggy.
You have a shaggy too?
Shaggy is the only constant
throughout the multiverse.
He's right.
Shaggy rules.
My steve and I
never miss a show.
You're taking steve?
Willingly?
Duh.
What kind of monster wouldn't
take her tumor to see a concert?
♪ tume, tume, tume,
tume-tumor-r-r-r ♪
[ down-tempo music plays ]
Mmm!
Mom, you've got to stop
doing that
Or we're gonna run out
of steve.
We each grieve in our own way,
hayley.
Visiting from
another universe?
Yeah.
What's with the shirt?
My steve died.
I miss him so much.
We did everything together
and built so many memories.
Steve and I have had
some great times together.
I guess I take that
for granted.
There was this song
we always used to sing.
♪ stevie,
you're my angel ♪
♪ you're my darling
angel ♪
♪ closer than my peeps
you are to me ♪
♪ stevie ♪
Oh, I love shaggy.
Before evil steve
killed him,
My steve and I had plans
to go to tonight's concert.
My steve and I are supposed to
go together,
And after all this,
I kind of don't want to see it
without him.
What do you mean?
Oh, my steve's still alive,
but I'm kind of a dick to him.
So he's searching
the multiverse
For a hayley who wants to
hang out with him.
That's me!
You don't deserve your steve!
Let me have him!
No way.
I want him now.
Besides, he'll never really be
your steve,
Just a steve
kind of like your steve.
Banana, ba-nah-na.
You're acting like
a real princess di right now.
Whatever.
I'm out of here.
Oh, no, you don't.
Well, I'm off
to hold a mirror up to society.
[ all cheering ]
[ both grunting ]
Pecan sandies.
I appreciate the tickets,
mother.
However, I'd prefer
to attend the concert
With just my friends.
I value your honesty,
hayley.
Wow.
I love
this family's ability
To reach conflict-free
resolutions.
[ both grunting ]
I'll [bleep] cut you!
Not if I cut you first, bitch!
[ snarls ]
[ beeping ]
I'm so glad you came back
to life, big brother.
I didn't come back to life,
silly.
I'm a different steve
from a different universe.
Plantain, plan-tahn.
Will you sing me
our song again?
♪ hayley,
you're my angel ♪
♪ you're my darling
angel ♪
♪ closer than my peeps
you are to me ♪
Hayleys?!
Steve, come home!
Steve, come with me!
What are those things?
We're what you grow up
to be.
Oh, god!
Anything but that!
Steve, you have to pick
a hayley,
And I'm the big sister
you deserve.
Steve, please stay
with me.
I'm the little sister who can't
afford to lose you again.
Steve...I'm probably not
the best hayley for you.
Just know that whichever hayley
you choose,
Whatever universe you end up in,
I'll wish you were with me.
That's all I've been
searching for!
Besides, these other hayleys
are kind of dorks, am I right?
[ ominous music plays ]
[ screams ]
Go. Now.
Go. Now.   Go. Now.
Who are they?
There's no time
to explain!
Which sucks, because there's
actually a really cool,
Well-thought-out explanation
behind all this.
You have to return
to your universe!
Your shaggy's
in trouble!
[ beeping ]
[ dramatic music plays ]
[ crowd screaming ]
[ grunts ]
Hey. What's this?
[ beeping ]
[ birds chirping ]
Whoa.
Narrator: And so begin
the exciting adventures
Of a character
you've never met before.
[ dinosaur roaring,
man screaming ]
Narrator:
Never mind.
[ crowd screaming ]
Come on, men!
Shaggy needs us!
Wait a second.
Exposition lewis: You and steve
have a destiny to fulfill.
Shaggy is the only constant
throughout the multiverse.
You gotta save shaggy...
Or we're all
gonna die!
Steve,
we have to save shaggy.
Good luck.
Two guys nabbed him
And barricaded themselves
in his dressing room.
If only there was some kind
of blueprint for this building.
The schematics!
Shaggy, you son of a bitch.
You slept with my wife!
You destroyed
my family!
It wasn't me.
[ grunts ]
[ light music plays ]
admit it!
He said he caught you
on the counter!
It wasn't me.
[ grunts ]
[ bell chimes ]
[ bluegrass music plays ]
liar!
I saw you banging
on the sofa!
[ dramatic music plays ]
it wasn't me-e-e-e!
Lewises!
Why are you doing this?
Picture this --
He and my wife are both
butt-naked,
Banging on
the bathroom floor!
And I'm owed my revenge!
[ machinery whirring ]
[ grunts ]
You both have issues.
But you also have each other,
like brothers.
Don't focus
on what you've lost.
Think about the time
you're still lucky enough
To have together.
But I'm owed my revenge!
Nah, bro.
She's right.
As long as you and I
are together,
We don't need
anything else.
We can be a new family.
Yeah.
Yeah!
I love you, little bro.
I love you too, hayley.
I'm never playing this town
again.
All: At last,
the multiverse is at ease.
[ mid-tempo music plays ]
It was me.
It has always been me.
And it shall forever be me.
For I am mr. Boombastic,
creator of worlds,
Master of the multiverse,
the one true god.
And all you shorties
are my angels.
Bye-bye!
See you soon.